Cloud and region availability FAQ (#13169)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/frequently-asked-questions.md

{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} provides fully-managed, single-tenant CockroachDB clusters with no shared resources. {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} supports single and multi-region clusters in AWS and GCP.

### In what clouds and regions is {{ site.data.products.db }} available?

> To see what clouds and regions {{ site.data.products.db }} is available in, begin the cluster creation flow from the web UI and observe which regions are listed in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The  {{ site.data.products.db }} Console will always show the latest available cloud infrastructure providers and regions. Open the [**Create Cluster**](https://cockroachlabs.cloud/cluster/create) page and select a Plan to see which providers and regions are currently available.
```
